Disclaimer Notice - The 

Email-id - vicky.at.my.website@gmail.com





Index- 


 My Experiences - Make Sure You have Time to Read This One Since Some what Clumsy And Lengthy 
 Preface To Website
 Prerequisites
 To-do List
 Contacts









Hi My name is Vikram Aditya and iam From Andhrapradesh,India
 
I Designed This Guide Specifically By Seeing So Many Rote-Learning, Academic but No Practical Experience Type Students Around Me Since After The End of Corona.  

	1)They Blindly Follow Books,Teachers,Parents.
		One May Ask Then Whom To Trust Completely. Answer is No one. Confirming and Verfifying Every Important Thing Like Your Education,Career so on etc from 2 or 3 Trusted Sources is Required To Ensure You are in Right Path and Make You Successful.
		How to Verify? 
			Three Sources - Internet, Parents and Freinds, Random Strangers Online(reviews,Quora posts etc)
			Internet is the Vast Resource You Research in, Use it For Every Doubt You get as Primary Resource No Matter What doubt it is. Then After Approach Your Most Trusted Persons, "Parents who always try to do the right thing to help you grow, thrive, and succeed in life."
	Students Trust Parents -- Parents Pay Trust Institutes and Pay Huge Money to Them -- Institutes Need Money and Gives Hope to parents and students To Achieve Something (Like Top JEE rank,Which is Often Trend for Intermediate Students From Middle-Class Family)--Hence They Optimize The Coaching For Top-Scores Making it for Exam and not for Learning . Yet Majority of The Students End Up in Depression Like Us. Dont Know What to do After a Bad Performance (Like 6-hour JEE Advanced Exam in My case).


	[JEE Coaching Optimization]  = Pattern Recognition   Speed/Tricks   Closed Problems
                                                                   VS.
	[True Engineering Growth]  = First-Principles Math   Experimentation   Open-Ended Systems


2)Academic Grading is More important Than Learning Actively
	Blindly Copying out Notes Without Knowing it's Meaning
	Incident - 
			Iam From A College Which is often Nicknamed as Central Jail Due to its Strictness and Useless Rules It is Very famous Yet Only Few Students Like Know Some Dark Sides of it 
			MASS COPYING - During Our Inter Practicals We were Given Slips To Write in Practical exams . The Coloured Water is Used , no Calculation of Kmno4 and nothing but just writing in Sheets for 3 hours. They Also Advised us Harshly to Hide those Slips From CCTV cameras another Incident is From The Students Side it is Micro Xeroxing of Entire "AKSHARA-2A 2B" Books 2or 3 rupees Per Page To Make Slips for Carrying Into Exams . Literally Thousand of money is used For the Private Xerox centre near College . Even The College Staff Knew About it
3)Preparing For JEE to Join CSE Without Knowing How It is
4)Studying just beacause it is like Mandatory Requirement Without The interest in Learning

PREFACE -  
	To Make an Open_Source Guide (means We provide Links to The Free Resources) To the Students who Face 
	Difficulty in Starting-off Computer Science and Programming in Various Languages.They Generally wander Multiple Courses in Online,They Hear Many Advices From Neighbours,Peers in Intermediate and so on  to join in this institute to have good Future to join in that institute To Have High Package...... etc and so on. In My Case Also No One Helped Me How to learn Programming They Kept Recommending Those Things But me
	Frustrated With Those Advices .Only one NON-LIVING THING Helped me That is
	

		 	 			"CHATGPT"						 

	This Guide Gives you Way to Self-Learn and specialize in Programming And Parallelly May Secure You a 
	Decent Job Depending On various Factors Your Knowledge,Skill,External Factors So on.

	Iam a JEE Aspirant . Truly not an Aspirant But i Prepared for it About Two years Yet ended up 
	in 97 Percentile Range.Even though it is Good Score yet it is considered Danger Zone in My Student Circle .In my Preparation I wondered Why the Iodoform Test is teached to me if i want to study CSE.


	Everyone Around Me Teachers ,Students,Neighbours,Even The 12th Failed Coordinators also Advicing us
	Deeply and Chanting The Same Mantra "iiT iiT iiT". I Frustrated Hearing Those Advices Again and Again and Wondering What is Teached inside Those iit's . Since Around Hundreds of Students From 8th Standard,9th,10th Some Even from 6th Standard Studying In IIt class . it is not an iit classroom .
	For Coaching Purpose They say iiT Batches and also iit classes 

	One day For the First time i used Chatgpt and Searched About CSE what is it.Many things deeply such as 
	what is the Curriculum inside it ,How do We learn ,What are electives,Minors,Placements,Avg Packages,What Are semesters and what is Semester Wise Syllabus in IIT Bombay and so on the chat is gone very deep with CHATGPT ,How they use CS-101 As introductory Course ,100-200 Range For First year Students and so many things. 



	At last i asked it Where to Start-off,it recommended
	a book "LET US C" written by YASHWANTH KANETKAR" .I surprised learning it and didnt even noticed the time My First Calculator ,Greeting ,Loan EMI Calculator programs and some other small programsnin The Old Borland Interface took me about a week to learn them and write them . 






To make an open-source way handy(means easy to use) to students who consider studying complete computer science with no certificates (in my way it means without enrolling in IIT,NIT is waste of time and also for the one who didnt know what to study and where to start the computer science journey beacause lack of structured learning in india and also dont know what to learn first escpecially telugu speaking states .This Entire program is intended to Extreme specialization in Artificial intelligence and Machine Learning from absolute Zero in computer science

BASIC REQUIREMENTS :- Web browsing , normal usage of any free AI's like chatgpt, knowledge about basic usage of computer

OPERATING SYSTEM :- Better use Linux as it has built in terminal(you will know what is terminal later)
RECOMMENDED OS :- Linux mint xfce, linux ubuntu.

See the syllabus file to view the contents of this program and then proceed linearly from top to bottom in that
course list (it includes problem solving courses also)

1)read the "README" files in all folders first before opening any videos or folders inside them 

2)some folders might not have "README" files if i thought there is no need of them

3)if you get any kind of doubt in the lecture videos or anywhere else  just screen shot and ask AI with simple english about what you can't understand . it will tell correctly with more than 90 % accuracy.

4)sometimes in courses they intentionally keep some things which you cant understand as a beginner if AI cannot clear the doubt for you leave it for now and move on . later you will realize and understand what it is 






For any doubts 
Email-id : vickyatinstagram@gmail.com
insta-id : vikram_aditya_at_insta




